Args (#1)
gobolinux/gobo-awesome-sound: README.md

gobo-awesome-sound
==================

> A Pulseaudio sound widget for Awesome WM, designed for [http://gobolinux.org](GoboLinux).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A PulseAudio sound widget for Awesome WM, designed for [http://gobolinux.org](GoboLinux).
```

Requirements
------------

* Awesome 3.5+

> * ~~`amixer` (from alsa-utils)~~ `pulseaudio`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PulseAudio
```

> * ~~`alsamixer`~~ ncpamixer (you can use other terminal based pulse mixers) and `urxvt` (will use your default terminal if it aint urxvt) for mixer pop-up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* a terminal-based PulseAudio mixer (`ncpamixer` by default) and a terminal (`urxvt` by default)
```

* `lode-fonts` for a nice-looking mixer pop-up :-) (only used with urxvt)

Using
-----

Require the module:

```lua
local sound = require("gobo.awesome.sound")
```

Create the widget with `sound.new()`:

```lua
local sound_widget = sound.new()
```

> You can use a different terminal mixer

Reviewer: ...and terminal? maybe add it here as well.

Author: it should read the terminal variable set in rc.lua, don't know what would be a good way to address it
